# M2.1 Intro To REACT

## JavaScript for React

1. What is TRUE about this of code?

```javascript=
const object = { name: 'Min'}
```

- [ ] `object` is immutable because it is declared with `const`.
- [ ] `object.name` is mutable even though `object` is a constant.
- [ ] `object` can not be assigned with new values.
- [ ] `object.name` can be assigned with new values.
- [ ] None of the above answers.

Answer: abcd

2.  This block of code DOES throw an error because:
    Choose all correct answers.

```javascript=
const object = {
    user: 'player1'
}
object = {
    user : 'player2'
}
```

- [x] `object` is declared as a constant.
- [ ] `object` already has key `user`.
- [x] `object` is immutable.
- [ ] You can not assign new value to an object

Answer: a,c

3. What does this block of code do and why?

```javascript=
function multiply(a,b) {
    return a * b;
}
console.log(multiply)
```

- [x] It prints out the function's code – because logging the function name's means you are refering to the function.

- [ ] It prints out a value - because logging the function name's means you are executing the function.

- [ ] It throws an error - because function name without `()` is wrong syntax.

- [ ] None of the answer above.

Answer: a

4. What does this block of code do and why?
   Choose all correct answers.

```javascript=
function multiply(a,b) {
    return a * b;
}
console.log(multiply(2,3))
```

- [x] It prints out the function's output - because you were executing `multiply` inside `console.log`

- [x] It prints out a value - because you were calling `multiply` inside `console.log`

- [ ] It prints out `multiply(2,3)` - because `console.log()` the exact thing inside brackets.
- [ ] It throws an error - because you can't invoke a function inside `console.log()`

Answer: a,b

5. How to print out the expected result ?

```javascript=
function multiply (a,b) {
    return a * b;
}
function square(x) {
    return multiply(x,x)
}
function run(fn) {
    console.log(`running ${fn}`);
    console.log(`Result: ${fn(10)}`);
    console.log('Done');
}

// expected result:
//    "running function square(x) {
//      return multiply(x, x);
//    }"
//    "Result: 100"
//    "Done"

```

- [ ] `run(square(10))`
- [ ] `run(square())`
- [x] `run(square)`
- [ ] `run(square(10)(10))`

Answer: c

6.  After this block of code, why `undefined` is logged to the console?

```javascript=
const greeting = () => console.log("Hello");
console.log(greeting())
```

- [x] Because `console.log(greeting())` means you called then logged the function's output - and `greeting()` doesn't return anything.

- [ ] Because `console.log(greeting())` means no arguments is passed to the function so `undefined` is returned.

Answer: a

7. How to `return` an object with arrow function ? Choose all correct answers

```javascript=
const createObject = (name,age) =>  //your code here;


console.log(createObject('Min', 22))
// expected result:
//{
//    name: 'Min',
//    age: '22',
//}

```

- [ ] `{ {name, age} }`
- [ ] `{name, age}`
- [x] `{ name: name, age: age }`
- [x] `({ name, age })`
- [ ] `({ name: name, age: age})`

Answer: c,d

8. With React, most of the time you will pass objects into functions and destructure it to get a specific value.
   What is the right object destructuring syntax to get the expected result in the console?

```javascript=
const request = {
    headers: {},
    body: {
    name:"Min",
    age: 22,
    email: 'rep@gmail.com'
}
}
const handleRequest = (req) => {
    //Your code here
    console.log (name,age);
}

handleRequest(request)

//expected result: 'Min' 22
```

- [x] `const {name, age} = req.body;`
- [ ] `const {body.name, body.age} = req;`
- [ ] `const {name, age} = req`
- [ ] `const {body: {name, age}} = req.body`

Answer: a

9. What is logged to the console and why?

```javascript=

const handleUser = (user) => {
     const {admin, age} = user
    console.log (admin, age);
}
const user = {
   name: 'Min',
    age: 22,
    food: 'chips',
}

handleUser(user)

```

- [ ] `undefined` - because `admin` is not in object `user`.
- [ ] An error - because `admin` is undefined.
- [x] `undefined 22` - because object `user` has `age` but not `admin`
- [ ] `22` - because object `user` has `age`

Answer: c

10. What is logged to the console and why?

```javascript=
const user = {
    name: 'Min',
    age: 22,

}
const handleUser = ({name, point = 0}) => {
    console.log (name, point)
}

handleUser(user)
```

- [ ] An error - because object `user` does not have `point`
- [ ] `undefined` - because object `user` does not have `point`
- [ ] `'Min' undefined` - because object `user` does not have `point`.
- [x] `'Min' 0` - because `point` has a default value.

answer: d

11. Which of the below descriptions are TRUE about this function?

```javascript=

const setName = (person, name) => ({...person, name});

```

- [x] function `setName()` takes an argument (input) `name`
- [x] function `setName()` returns an object.
- [x] `{...person, name }` means you copy everything inside object `person` spread into this new object, and overwrite the existing value of the key `name` with the new value from the argument `name`.
- [ ] `{...person, name}` means you reference the object `person` and add key - value pair `name` to it.
- [ ] All of the above answers.

Answer: abc 12. What does `my-app` refer to in the following command?

- [ ] A reference to an existing app.
- [ ] A type of app.
- [ ] The name you want for your new app.
- [x] The directory to create new app in.

Answer: d 15. How to use a component that you have created?

```jsx=
function MyComponent() {
  return <h1>Hello</h1>;
}

function App() {
  return (
    <div>
     // YOUR CODE HERE
    </div>
  );
}
```

- [ ] `MyComponent`
- [ ] `{MyComponent}`
- [x] `<MyComponent/>`
- [ ] `{MyComponent()}`

13. Which operator can bused to conditionally render a React component? Choose all correct answers.

- [x] &&
- [ ] ::
- [ ] ??
- [x] ||

Answer: ad

14. How can you combine the following arrays using the spread operator?

```javascript=
const array1 = [1,2,3];
const array2= [4,5,6];
```

- [ ] `const combined = array + array2`
- [ ] `const combined =[...array1, ...aray2]; `
- [ ] `const combined = ...array1 + ...array2;`
- [ ] `const combined = [array1, array2]`

Answer: b 15. React functional components are, in fact, functions?

- [x] TRUE
- [ ] FALSE

answer: a

16. Props are arguments that are passed to a React component.

- [x] TRUE
- [ ] FALSE
      answer: b

17. A component could only has 1 props object.

- [x] TRUE
- [ ] FALSE
      answer: a

18. For each React Component you can only return one JSX object.

- [x] TRUE
- [ ] FALSE

answer: a

19. Find the bugs in this code of a React component. Choose all correct answers.

```jsx=
function makeUser({name,age}) {
return
 <div>
     <h2>{name}<h2/>
     <h3>{age}<h3/>
 </div>
};
```

- [ ] First letter of the function's name must be capitalized.
- [ ] Remove the `return` statement.
- [ ] Add parentheses around the return value.
- [ ] Wrap the return in a `<React.Fragment>`
      answer: ac

20. Why should you avoid copying the values of props into a component's state?

- [ ] Because prop values cannot be stored in state.
- [x] Because that would create two instances of the same state that could become out of sync
- [ ] Because you want to allow data to flow back up to the parent.
- [ ] Because you should never mutate state.

21. You have written the following code but nothing is rendering. How do you fix this problem? Choose all correct answers.

```javascript=
const Heading = () => {
  <h1>Hello!</h1>;
};
```

- [x] Add a return statement before the h1 tag.
- [x] Change the curly braces to parentheses.
- [ ] Move the h1 to another component.
- [ ] Surround the h1 in a div.

21. With the following code, when is the `<Hello />` component displayed?

```jsx=
{!user ? <Hello /> : <Welcome />}
```

- [ ] never
- [ ] when `user` is truthy
- [x] when `user` is falsy
- [ ] when the Hello function is called

22. Consider the following component. What is the default color for the star?

```jsx
const Star = ({ selected = false }) => (
  <Icon color={selected ? "red" : "gray"} />
);
```

- [ ] black
- [ ] red
- [ ] gray
- [ ] white
